+++
title = "Reflection on 2022"
date = 2022-12-31

[taxonomies]
tags = ["career"]
+++

## Positive developments
For me, 2022 has been a year full of very positive developments both in my personal
life and in terms of my career skills and knowledge. I've become programming
champion of BeNeLux, I've gotten an awesome job, I've peeked into new areas of
software development, and my skills have grown a lot compared to previous years.

<br />

## New job
This year I've managed to get a new job as a business central developer for a company
that does document output and distibution, and I'm very happy with the job. They offered me
it after finishing my internship there, and offered a decent pay and a permanent contract.

Hopefully I can learn and develop a lot of new skills there and grow as a developer since
I will be working there are a project lead.

<br />

## My own home
Another huge thing that happened in 2022 is me finding a studio that I will be able and allowed
to rent. I've been looking for a while now, and I've finally found a nice affordable place, very 
close to my working place.

<br />

## New years revolutions
Inspired by my good programming friend [Matei Adriel](https://github.com/Mateiadrielrafael),
I've decided to make a few new years revolutions for 2023, in the form of a yearly bucket list. I likely wont complete every single one of the items but it will be a good way to have some goals to work towards.

Here is the list that i will be working towards in 2023:
 - Not dying
 - Writing a minimum of 12 blog posts on lukedev.nl
 - Writing a minimum of 10 new articles to my [medium account](https://medium.com/@lukedev_/)
 - Mirroring these articles to dev.to
 - Writing at least 200 more snaredrum solo etudes
 - Getting a full green commit graph on my [github account](https://github.com/justlucdewit)
 - Getting into microscopy
 - Learning to play some basic keyboard
 - Making an algorithm to automatically pick what food I will eat, and then generate a weekly shopping list
 - Getting my secret programming language to be running and confirmed to be turing complete
 - Walking/biking to work instead of driving
 - Moving to my new house
 - Reading at least 5 programming related books
 - Travel to Romania to visit CodeCommunity friends
 - Releasing a new major version of RMS
 - Do some coding livestreams and record them
 - Come up with a new and clean desk layout for my new house
 - Learn some .NET MAUI
 - Learn more Esperanto
 - Reach 120 000 minutes of spotify listening